Fixed wrong template name (#852)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-edgehtml/windows-features.md

1.  In your Windows Settings, turn on [Developer mode][WindowsUWPGetStartedEnable].  \(Type `developer mode` in the Windows searchbar to find it.\)  
1.  Launch Visual Studio and **Create a new project...**  

> 1.  Select the Javascript **Progressive Web App (Universal Windows)** template within Visual Studio 2017.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Select **Javascript** > **Windows Universal** > **Progressive Web App (Universal Windows)** from the list of project types in Visual Studio 2017.  
```
